hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the next
fit Robin so for the uninitiated the
Robin is a smartphone it's a cloud-based
smartphone that was created by 2x Google
employees they had a Kickstarter
campaign it was wildly successful and
somehow not only did they finish the
product but they did it on time which is
crazy for a Kickstarter project here's
my review it's a very boxy phone there's
no curves it's pretty minimal and yet
somehow it looks awesome now I'm not
going to go as far as to call it premium
because to me it just doesn't look or
feel premium that's just the nature of
plastic but I do think it's a very smart
looking phone and I totally dig that
minimal design it fits comfortably in
one hand the edges are slightly rounded
off so there's no sharp corners or
anything
the original renders of the phone on the
Kickstarter page looked a little too
cutesy to me but I think the final
product looks and feels fantastic for
the few weeks I've used this I've had no
case on it so it's a little slippery I
actually dropped it in the corner of the
phone put a dent in my wood floor the
good news is that the phone itself
didn't even scuff the polycarbonate body
still looks brand new but the better
news is that the robots at D brand
actually made some skins for this thing
that fit it really well and they look
awesome there's a link to their skins in
the video description below all right
going around the phone on the left side
we have volume up and down buttons on
the top of the phone we have the
headphone jack and one of the mics on
the right we have a nano SIM slot and
the side mounted fingerprint sensor it's
the same sensor as the one on the Sony
z5 it's accurate its reliable and it's
fast it feels just as fast as the iPhone
6s or the Nexus 6p on the back we have a
13 megapixel camera it's using the
Samsung 3 m2 sensor which has phase
detection for autofocus it's the same
sensor that's in the Oppo r7 and the
oneplus X it's a pretty good camera but
it's not amazing so pictures taken in
bright light focus quickly and they come
out nice good colors nice and sharp but
the pictures taken in dim light are okay
there are noticeably worse than the
low-light photos of top-tier smartphones
but it's not bad and this is something
that maybe improved over time with soft
we're like we've seen with other Android
devices it also shoots 4k video there is
no image stabilization but it can shoot
for a long time without overheating on
the bottom we have a USB C port a
notification LED and a second microphone
the call quality is clean but it's
nothing super special the front of the
device has dual front-facing speakers
with drivers in each of them and they
sound pretty good they sound very
similar to the Nexus 6p in terms of
volume but with a slightly ha lower
sound quality the 5 megapixel
front-facing camera is also a decent
shooter
the display is a 5.2 inch 1080p IPS
panel and it's covered in Gorilla Glass
4 I don't love that black trim
surrounding the panel but contrast and
viewing angles are good colors look good
is not heavily oversaturated and it gets
pretty bright it's a solid screen for
the price performance wise it's running
the very well-known Snapdragon 808 with
3 gigs of RAM I've always liked this
chip especially for this screen
resolution it's a strong performer
everything feels pretty zippy except for
some super demanding games the Robin is
running Android marshmallow 6.0 with an
X bit OS interface there's a few changes
like some of the stock icons are
different the way the widgets are pulled
up is different and there's an icon to
help you organize and pull up apps but
the UI feels pretty stuck the biggest
change is that they've included a lot of
different ringtones ok no I'm kidding
the biggest change is obviously behind
the scenes where they've done a bunch of
stuff to make it hard for you to run out
of space and they do this by connecting
you to their cloud when I first saw
pictures of this phone I thought that
these lights were like a battery life
indicator but what they actually do is
that they light up when the phone is
interacting with the cloud so if you're
transmitting or receiving data from the
cloud the lights sway back and forth and
it has the soothing hypnotic timing now
things like Google Drive and Dropbox
already doing a decent job at the whole
cloud thing so what does the Robin do
differently on a regular phone if you
download a large app or you film too
much 4k video your run out of room and
you'll have to manually offload files to
the cloud but on the Robin let's say you
have a ton of apps and games and video
files on your phone
and you've used up almost all of your 32
gigs of storage on the phone every time
you use an app it gets pulled up to the
top of the list so absolutely use a lot
will float to the top and then apps that
use and frequently will sink to the
bottom now let's say you download a huge
app that puts you over that 32 gig limit
that file that you haven't used in six
months will automatically get sent to
the cloud to make room for this new app
and if you ever delete something on your
device and you want to use that file in
the cloud it'll pull it back now the
application icons turn gray when they're
stored in the cloud but when you
retrieve them the colors come back
pictures that haven't been used or
viewed for a while have these really
small versions stored on the phone and
when you access them or zoom into them
they'll download the full-size version
from the cloud it works fluidly but it's
still a little slow and if you're trying
to view a whole series of pictures that
you haven't viewed in a while it's a
sluggish experience even on Wi-Fi so I
used the Robin as my daily driver for a
couple of weeks and sent probably a
hundred gigs of files back and forth
with a cloud to test it and everything
worked really smooth like the cloud
features feel nicely polished again it's
not nearly as fast as I want it to be
but the software is on point on the
default settings the Robin will only
interact with the cloud on Wi-Fi just to
keep your phone bill low and to save
battery life and it does a decent job
it's a twenty six eighty milliamp hour
battery that supports Qualcomm quick
charge it'll charge from zero to sixty
percent in about thirty minutes when
you're doing a lot of heavy interaction
with the cloud it drains batteries
quickly so each one of these battery
drops on the graph was when I was
offloading like eight to ten gigs of
apps to the cloud but when you use it
normally with only some mild cloud
interaction it should comfortably last
you a full day screen on time is around
three and a half to four hours of
regular use on a full charge ok the next
bit Robin it's a polycarbonate phone
with solid build quality and
surprisingly good stereo speakers it has
a 5.2 inch 1080p display with good
colors and brightness and it's covered
in Gorilla Glass 4 it's got a decent 5
megapixel front facing camera on the
back we have some LEDs that light up to
show cloud interaction and there's a 13
megapixel camera that takes good photos
when there's lots of light and ok photos
when there's less light on the inside we
have a Snapdragon 808 with three gigs of
RAM it's a strong performer unless
you're playing some really demanding
games there's 32 gigs of internal
storage with an elegantly integrated
hundred gigs of cloud storage and lastly
there's a 26
and our battery that supports quick
charging which will comfortably last a
day if you're not going crazy with cloud
pushes and retrievals over the past few
weeks I've pushed a lot of data to and
from their cloud I think I see what next
bit was going for and I can kind of see
a future where cloud-based phones are
the norm but we're not at the stage yet
where a cloud-based phone is going to be
more efficient than something like an SD
card simply because cards are super
cheap and super available and cellular
data isn't cheap or fast enough yet that
being said I am stunned at how good this
phone is I mean partially I had really
low expectations because it was a
Kickstarter phone but it's also just a
really good phone the camera could use a
little bit of work but the hardware is
really good the software is really good
and the cloud integration is fantastic
it's super tight it's super fluid and
I'm just surprised that they were able
to create something like this in their
first generation on their first shot
like that's nuts so kudos to them as for
its value it's a $400 price tag it's
obviously not like the cheapest or best
value phone at this price point but it's
a really solid piece of hardware and
you're getting a unique feature that you
can use or skip if you don't want to use
it quite yet and yeah if you're looking
for a $400 phone or just a phone in this
price point I'd take a look at this one
it's pretty cool that's the honest
review hope you guys liked it thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it it's
been nice I'll see you guys next time